Implement persistent data cache option and update cache key logic (#920)
opennextjs/opennextjs-aws: .changeset/slow-walls-allow.md

---
"@opennextjs/aws": minor
---

Add an option to keep the data cache persistent between deployments.

> BREAKING CHANGE: Incremental cache keys are now an object of type `CacheKey` instead of a string. The new type includes properties like `baseKey`, `buildId`, and `cacheType`. Build_id is automatically provided according to the cache type and the `dangerous.persistentDataCache` option. Up to the Incremental Cache implementation to use it as they see fit.

Reviewer: Explicitly say that the overrides should be updated?

(Adding this text to the PR description)

---
"@opennextjs/aws": minor
---

> Add an option to keep the data cache persistent between deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `dangerous.persistentDataCache` option to persist the data cache across deployments.
```

> BREAKING CHANGE: Incremental cache keys are now an object of type `CacheKey` instead of a string. The new type includes properties like `baseKey`, `buildId`, and `cacheType`. Build_id is automatically provided according to the cache type and the `dangerous.persistentDataCache` option. Up to the Incremental Cache implementation to use it as they see fit.

Reviewer: `TagKey` should be added here too
